docs(ai-semantic-cache): add note on cache control behaviour (#8584)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/ai-semantic-cache/overview/_index.md

* `private`: Ensures the response is not cached by shared caches
* `max-age` and `s-maxage`: Sets the maximum age of the cached response. This causes the vector database to drop and delete the cached response message after expiration, so it’s never seen again. 

> {:.note}
> 
> As most AI services always send `no-cache` in the response headers, setting `cache_control` to true will
> always result in a cache bypass. Thus only consider setting `no-cache` if you are using self-hosted services
> and have control of the response Cache Control headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.note}
> As most AI services always send `no-cache` in the response headers, setting `cache_control` to `true` will
always result in a cache bypass. Only consider setting `no-cache` if you are using self-hosted services
and have control over the response Cache Control headers.
```
